yes
Israeli delegations in Argentina
they used the president of ecuador rafael
justify belt will go for the
terrorist attack that according to them
committed the hezbollah movement with
support will go against the amia in good
aires 18 years ago this signaling
emerged after the statements of the
Ecuadorian president during his visit
to the Argentine capital the head of state
compared the crisis in Libya with the
aggression committed against the association
Argentine Israelite mutual
Israeli delegations claim to belt
an apology for your words that
they described as a disdain to
victims of terrorism and snow the
attack on the amia left 85 dead and
around 300 injured
in stereo 24 is with the protagonists
of the news so far we establish
direct contact of buenos aires
argentina with sergio widder director
for latin america center simón
wiesenthal Jewish organization
international human rights organization that
accuses the president of ecuador Rafael
belt having justified the attack
terrorist against the amia welcome
thank you for being with us and very
good afternoon, you have affirmed that
these statements given by the
president of ecuador in the framework of a
decoration in argentina
has been an open contempt for
victims of amia tell us a little
because you have to have this vision
good these comments from the president
belt were made in the framework of a
wide interview that was being
making on the occasion of his visit to
Buenos Aires and when he has consulted
about your country's relationship with
they will go he did a teaching of the regime
theocratic Iranian saying that at least
making formal democracy
and when the journalist noted
interviewer who was reporting
at that time he told him that the question
of the links with Iran that were a
very sensitive issue for the republic
Argentina because of the very accusations
serious and supported that you have formulated
a prosecutor's office in Buenos Aires or against
Iranian officials in relation to a
terrorist attack against the headquarters of the
Amia in Buenos Aires in the year 1994
the president strap answered
good that he knew it was a very
painful for Argentina but that of
all modes how many people have died
because of a NATO bombing
in libya
let's say and tried to elude the weather
let's see a comparison absolutely
out of place
and putting putting if you choose in the
existence of seemingly good tyrant
with the license he made of the deceased
the dictator muamar kadhafi and also that
what has been especially
surprising and painful was that these
President Lee's comments were
made in the same city where the
terrorist attack linked to the big tube
rural
let's say it was almost a snub to the country
host and also Mr. widder finishing
to receive a prize also in
Argentina as the president
Latin American for communication
popular exalting its work for the
freedom of expression and democracy
now you have sent a
communication to the Ecuadorian embassy
in Argentina you ask for an apology
on the part of the Ecuadorian president
how could he at this moment
express themselves in favor of this annoyance of
the Jewish community in Argentina does not
we went that letter sent us from the
vicente perez center and from other
community organizations in the country
as you well point out we do
we made a public appeal so that
he apologizes and we also understand that
is a responsibility and should be a
interest of the authorities of the
Argentine republic than the president
belt made some retraction or
public apology because
his words have been absolutely
offensives not only for families of
the victim but for all the all
people that live in this country that
we were attacked by that attack
terrorist and also let me add
remember that among the 85 victims of
terrorist attack against the amia there was
six working Bolivian citizens
Bolivians who were working on that
moment in tasks of good of spare
of the building so the offense was not
only towards Argentina but
also to another country very close to
president belt as is bolivia and
the government of evo morals we are going to
thank Mr. Sergio Widder
director for latin america center
Simon Wiesenthal for having been with
us here in the ntn24 news